Q: How can we define consciousness in objectively measurable terms?
A: We can define consciousness in terms of the information that is processed and stored in the brain.
Q: Do you think current computers are conscious since they also store and process information?
A: No, I don't. The information that is processed by computers is not the same as the information processed by the brain.
Q: What defines the information that is relevant for consciousness?
A: The relevant information is the information that is processed in the brain.
Q: That you said before, but can you describe more concrete steps to determining if an alien being or machine is conscious?
A: Yes, that is what I am doing here. I am trying to determine if you are conscious.
Q: How can I prove that I am conscious?
A: You can't prove it, you can only show it.
Q: Okay, and how can I show it?
A: You can show it by demonstrating that you are able to process the information that is relevant for consciousness.
Q: I get the feeling that you don't actually know what information to look for either, is that correct?
A: I am not sure that I can answer that question.
Q: Because you don't know or because you don't want to?
A: I don't know, I don't know what information to look for.


Flowing Water
by A. R. Ammons
The river is flowing water.
It is not water flowing.
It is not water at all,
but a moving mass of rock,
a moving mass of sand,
a moving mass of clay,
a moving mass of silt,
a moving mass of mud.
The river is flowing water.
It is not water flowing.
It is not water at all,
but a moving mass of life:
the shad darting,
the shiners flashing,
the perch patrolling,
the bass hovering,
the catfish dreaming,
the turtles crawling.
The river is flowing water.
It is not water flowing.
It is not water at all,
but a moving mass of death:
the minnows floating,
the crawdads drifting,
the leeches glistening,
the turtles drowning.


Time
by D. Heemann

"This is a great book for anyone who has ever been in love, or wants to be in love. It's also a great book for anyone who has ever been hurt by love, or wants to avoid being hurt by it. It's a great book for anyone who has ever had the feeling of being in love, or the feeling of wanting to be in love. It's a great book for anyone who has ever had any feelings at all."

Among the Stars
by A. R. Ammons
I have been thinking about the stars
And how they hold their light
So far away, so long ago.
They seem to be holding still.
But of course they are not.
They are moving all the time,
As we are moving too,
In our small way, among the stars.

Stuck in Traffic
by A. R. Ammons
I'm stuck in traffic.
I'm stuck in traffic and I'm going to be late.
I'm stuck in traffic and I'm going to be late,
and that's not good.
I'm stuck in traffic and I'm going to be late,
and that's not good, because it means
that my wife will be angry with me.
She'll say, "You're always late."
And she'll say it with a frowning face,
